Storage format specification improvements 2/N (#5329)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB: format_spec/array_file_hierarchy.md

          |_ <timestamped_name>.con     # consolidated commits file
          |_ ...
          |_ <timestamped_name>.ign     # ignore file for consolidated commits file
    |_ __fragment_meta                  # consolidated fragment metadata folder
          |_ <timestamped_name>.meta    # consolidated fragment meta file
          |_ ...
    |_ __meta                           # array metadata folder
    |_ __labels                         # dimension label folder
    |_ <timestamped_name>               # legacy fragment folder
          |_ ...
    |_ <timestamped_name>.ok            # legacy fragment write file
    |_ <timestamped_name>.meta          # legacy consolidated fragment meta file
    |_ __array_schema.tdb               # legacy array schema file
```

Inside the array folder, you can find the following:

> * Inside of a `__schema` folder, any number of [array schema files](./array_schema.md) [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inside the `__schema` folder, any number of [array schema files](./array_schema.md) [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md).
```

There's only one `__schema` folder per array, as far as I know.

>   * Note: the name does _not_ include the format version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Note**: the name does _not_ include the format version.
```

Author: Done and also updated a similar usage in `metadata.md`.

  * _New in version 20_ Inside of the schema folder, an enumerations folder `__enumerations`.

> * Inside of a `__fragments` folder, any number of [fragment folders](./fragment.md) [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Inside the `__fragments` folder, any number of [fragment folders](./fragment.md) [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md).
```

Author: Using "the" might imply that the existence of the folder is required. There cannot be empty folders in cloud object storage which means that an array with no fragments yet written will not have a `__fragments` folder.

> * _New in version 12_ Inside of a `__commits` folder, an empty file [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.wrt` associated with every fragment folder [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md), where [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md) is common for the folder and the WRT file. This is used to indicate that fragment [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md) has been *committed* (i.e., its write process finished successfully) and it is ready for use by TileDB. If the WRT file does not exist, the corresponding fragment folder is ignored by TileDB during the reads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* _New in version 12_ Inside the `__commits` folder lives an empty file [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.wrt` associated with every fragment folder [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md), where [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md) is common for the folder and the WRT file. This is used to indicate that fragment [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md) has been *committed* (i.e., its write process finished successfully) and it is ready for use by TileDB. If the WRT file does not exist, the corresponding fragment folder is ignored by TileDB during the reads.
```

  * _New in version 16_ Inside the same commits folder, any number of [delete commit files](./delete_commit_file.md) of the form [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.del`.
  * _New in version 16_ Inside the same commits folder, any number of [update commit files](./update_commit_file.md) of the form [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.upd`.
  * Inside the same commits folder, any number of [consolidated commits files](./consolidated_commits_file.md) of the form [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.con`.
  * Inside the same commits folder, any number of [ignore files](./ignore_file.md) of the form [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.ign`.
* _New in version 12_ Inside of a fragment metadata folder, any number of [consolidated fragment metadata files](./consolidated_fragment_metadata_file.md) of the form [`<timestamped_name>`](./timestamped_name.md)`.meta`.
* [Array metadata](./metadata.md) folder `__meta`.

> * _New in version 18_ Inside of a `__labels` folder, additional TileDB arrays storing dimension label data.

Reviewer: We should sort the file hierarchy updates by version (e.g., 20, followed by 18, followed by 16, followed by 12), similar to how `format_spec/array_format_history.md` is constructed.

Author: Sorted by version (with unversioned items being put first because they are the most important) and groupped by directory hierarchy. I also reworded and simplified some items.
